feat: Update GitHub and Bitbucket setup flow with custom incident detection PUL-1673 (#198)
codacy/pulse-user-docs: docs/one-click-integrations/bitbucket-integration.md

## Automatic incident detection strategies {: id="incident-detection-strategy"}

The Pulse Bitbucket integration can detect **incidents** automatically using the following strategies:

-   [Pull request reverts](#bb-incident-pr-revert)
-   [Pull request naming convention](#bb-incident-naming)

You can also choose [not to detect incidents via Bitbucket](#bb-incident-not-detect).

### Use pull request reverts (based on default branch) {: id="bb-incident-pr-revert"}

-   Pulse bases incident detection on [pull request reverts](https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/merge-a-pull-request/#Revert-a-merged-pull-request).

-   Pulse considers an incident any pull request that **targets the default branch** of the repository merged from a branch whose name starts with `revert-pr-`, getting the number of the reverted pull request from the branch name, `revert-pr-<pull request number>`. If you change the name of the branch created by Bitbucket when you revert a pull request, Pulse may not be able to obtain the incident data correctly.

> -   The incident creation date is the timestamp when the reverted pull request was initially merged. If Pulse can't get the reverted pull request number from the branch name, the incident creation date is the timestamp of the first commit to the incident pull request.
> -   Pulse associates incidents to the system matching the repository name.

Reviewer: style: Adds a blank line for consistency.

```suggestion
-   The incident creation date is the timestamp when the reverted pull request was initially merged. If Pulse can't get the reverted pull request number from the branch name, the incident creation date is the timestamp of the first commit to the incident pull request.

-   Pulse associates incidents to the system matching the repository name.
```

Author: I missed this one! 😆 Thanks!

### Use pull request naming convention (based on default branch) {: id="bb-incident-naming"}

-   Pulse applies the same mechanism to detect incidents used for the [pull request reverts](#bb-incident-pr-revert) strategy. However, instead of considering branches whose name starts with `revert-pr-`, Pulse uses the prefix that you define for the **branch name** or the **pull request title** to match the naming convention of your workflow.

>     ![Pulse custom incident detection](images/bitbucket-incident-naming-convention.png)

Reviewer: clean: We could omit this screenshot here and update the main screenshot `bitbucket-incident-strategy.png` to have the naming convention option selected and showing the available configurations.

Author: Thank you for this input, @prcr, but I don't completely agree with this suggestion... 🤔 
I believe the reader will benefit from having this screenshot near the details for this strategy, where we describe how Pulse uses the prefix and its limitations. Having a such specific screenshot in the setup flow without the details would be more confusing, IMO.
WDYT?

Reviewer: That's a sound argument :+1:, feel free to disregard my suggestion.

> -   Your prefix must have 2 to 50 characters. For a **branch name**, your prefix can't contain spaces or special characters, such as `~`, `^`, `:`, `?`, `*`, `[`, `]`. See the [Git reference](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-check-ref-format) for further details.

Reviewer: style: Simplify list of special characters.

```suggestion
-   Your prefix must have 2 to 50 characters. For a **branch name**, your prefix can't contain spaces or special characters, such as `~ ^ : ? * [ ]`. See the [Git reference](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-check-ref-format) for further details.
```

-   The incident creation date is the timestamp when the reverted pull request was initially merged. If Pulse can't get the reverted pull request number from the branch name, the incident creation date is the timestamp of the first commit to the incident pull request.

-   Pulse associates incidents to the system matching the repository name.

### Use pull request naming convention (based on default branch) {: id="bb-incident-naming"}

-   Pulse applies the same mechanism to detect incidents used for the [pull request reverts](#bb-incident-pr-revert) strategy. However, instead of considering branches whose name starts with `revert-pr-`, Pulse uses the prefix that you define for the **branch name** or the **pull request title** to match the naming convention of your workflow.

    ![Pulse custom incident detection](images/bitbucket-incident-naming-convention.png)

> -   Your prefix must have 2 to 50 characters. For a **branch name**, your prefix can't contain spaces or special characters, such as `~ ^ : ? * [ ]`. See the [Git reference](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-check-ref-format) for further details.

Reviewer 2: Actually `]` is a valid character but `[` is not.

Author: Thanks! Fixed! 👍

-   The incident creation date is the timestamp when the reverted pull request was initially merged. If Pulse can't get the reverted pull request number from the branch name, the incident creation date is the timestamp of the first commit to the incident pull request.
-   Pulse associates incidents to the system matching the repository name.

### Use pull request naming convention (based on default branch) {: id="bb-incident-naming"}

> -   Pulse executes the same incident detection mechanism based on [pull request reverts](#bb-incident-pr-revert) using the naming convention you define instead of the default branch prefix `revert-pr-`.

Reviewer 3: See the [matching comment](https://github.com/codacy/pulse-user-docs/pull/198/files#r1116711981) for GitHub.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-   Pulse can also flag incidents when it detects [pull request reverts](#bb-incident-pr-revert) that use a branch prefix you define instead of the default branch prefix `revert-pr-`.
```

Author: I rephrased this one also.

> -   You can define the prefix for the branch name or the pull request title to match the naming convention on your workflow.

Reviewer 3: See the [matching comment](https://github.com/codacy/pulse-user-docs/pull/198/files#r1116712058) for GitHub.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-   You can define the prefix for the branch name or the pull request title to match the naming convention of your workflow.
```
